Consolidating Joule Heating Objects & Generalizing EM Module Coupling by Utilizing the Material Object System (#30191)
idaholab/moose: modules/combined/doc/content/modules/combined/examples/current_heating_of_wire.md

materials through electromagnetic effects. In particular, the example presented here involves simulating the
heating profile of a copper wire when suppled with the fusing current.

## Problem Description

The problem of interest involves suppling large amounts of DC current to a copper wire, such that the temperature
of the wire reaches the melting point. To model this be behavior, the follow equations are utilized:

\begin{equation}
  \nabla \times \nabla \times \vec{A} + j \mu \omega \left( \sigma \vec{A} \right) = \vec{J}_{source}
\end{equation}
\begin{equation}
  \rho C_{p} \frac{\partial T}{\partial t} - \nabla \cdot k \nabla T = Q
\end{equation}

Where:

- $\vec{A}$ is the magnetic vector potential,
- $j$ is the sqrt(-1),
- $\mu$ is the permeability of free space,
- $\omega$ is the angular frequency of the system (60 Hz for this example),
- $\sigma$ is the electric conductivity of the wire,
- $\vec{J}_{source}$ is the supplied DC current density,
- $\rho$ is the density of copper,
- $C_{p}$ is the heat capacity of copper,
- $T$ is the temperature,
- $k$ is the thermal conductivity of the wire, and

> - $Q$ is the Joule heating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- $Q$ is the Joule heating source.
```

The Joule heating, $Q$, is defined by the magnitude of the electric field, $E$, such that:
\begin{equation}
  Q = \frac{1}{2} \sigma \lvert \vec{E} \rvert ^{2}
\end{equation}

Instead of solving for the electric field directly, this example used the magnetic vector potential
because the magnetic vector potential formulation allows for the directly implementation of a
suppled DC current density. This implementation of a suppled DC current density can be better displayed by looking at
the relationship between the electric field and the magnetic vector potential:

\begin{equation}

>   \vec{E} = -j \omega \vec{A} - \nabla \left( V \right)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \vec{E} = -j \omega \vec{A} - \nabla V
```

I don't think it's necessary to have the parentheses here, especially since we're not taking the gradient of a multi-term expression.

Reviewer: Please correct this elsewhere in this document as well.

Author: Latest commit corrected this.

\end{equation}

The third term, $\text{-}\nabla \left( V \right)$ is the gradient of the electrostatic potential. This
electrostatic potential is the source of the DC current, which is defined as:

\begin{equation}
  \vec{J}_{source} = - \sigma \nabla \left( V \right)
\end{equation}

> Since the magnitude of the electric field is the term of interest for Joule heating, Auxkernels are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the magnitude of the electric field is the term of interest for Joule heating, [AuxKernels](AuxKernels/index.md) are
```

used to calculate the electric field magnitude from the magnetic vector potential and the supplied
DC current density.

\begin{equation}
  \lvert \vec{E} \rvert = \lvert -j \omega \vec{A} \rvert + \lvert \frac{\vec{J}_{source}}{\sigma} \rvert
\end{equation}

> !alert note
> Defining the supplied current density as a volumetric term can not be
> used to solve for the electric field directly, as this would result in an ill-posed electric field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!alert! note
We cannot define the supplied current density as a volumetric term when solving for the electric field directly, as this would result in an ill-posed electric field.
!alert-end!
```
